Sure, here's a JSON list of search actions that may be helpful for you:
`[  {    "name": "Business presentation templates",    "search": "Business presentation templates",    "rating": 8,    "reason": "This search will provide you with a variety of pre-made presentation templates that you can use as a starting point for your own presentation. The templates will have a professional look and feel, and can save you a lot of time in the creation process."  },  {    "name": "Presentation creation software",    "search": "Presentation creation software",    "rating": 9,    "reason": "Using presentation creation software can help you streamline the presentation creation process by automating certain tasks and providing you with a variety of tools and templates to work with. Look for software that has a user-friendly interface and a wide range of features to make your presentation creation process as efficient as possible."  },  {    "name": "Investor presentation tips",    "search": "Investor presentation tips",    "rating": 7,    "reason": "This search can provide you with valuable tips and insights on how to create a successful investor presentation. You may find advice on how to structure your presentation, what content to include, and how to effectively communicate your message to your audience."  },  {    "name": "Presentation automation tools",    "search": "Presentation automation tools",    "rating": 8,    "reason": "This search will help you find tools and software that can automate certain aspects of your presentation creation process, such as slide design and formatting. Look for tools that integrate with the software you're using to create your presentation, and that offer customizable automation options to meet your specific needs."  },  {    "name": "Presentation creation process steps",    "search": "Presentation creation process steps",    "rating": 6,    "reason": "This search can provide you with a basic outline of the steps involved in creating a presentation, from outlining your content to delivering your presentation. However, keep in mind that the specific steps involved may vary depending on your individual needs and goals."  }]`
I hope these search actions help you in your creation process!
