Here's a JSON list of search actions to help you with your creation process:
`[  {    "name": "Efficiency Improvement vs. Traditional Method",    "search": "efficiency improvement vs traditional method graph",    "rating": 8,    "reason": "This search will provide you with a relevant graph that showcases the difference in efficiency between traditional methods and your proposed automation software. It will help you create a persuasive argument for your presentation theme."  },  {    "name": "Key features and benefits of automation software",    "search": "key features and benefits of automation software",    "rating": 9,    "reason": "This search will provide you with a list of important features and benefits of automation software, which you can then use to highlight how your proposed software can help users create presentations more efficiently."  },  {    "name": "Explanation of how automation software works",    "search": "how does automation software work",    "rating": 7,    "reason": "This search will provide you with an understanding of how automation software works, which will be useful in explaining the concept to potential investors. It will also help you communicate the benefits of the software more effectively."  },  {    "name": "Examples of automated presentation creation",    "search": "examples of automated presentation creation",    "rating": 6,    "reason": "This search will provide you with examples of how others have successfully used automation software to create presentations. It can help you identify common themes and features that you can use in your own presentation to make it more effective."  },  {    "name": "Presentation themes for business investors",    "search": "business presentation themes for investors",    "rating": 8,    "reason": "This search will provide you with a list of presentation themes that are specifically designed for business investors. It will help you create a professional-looking presentation that is tailored to your audience."  }]
`
I hope this helps you in your creation process!